<h1> OpenTransformer </h1>
<a>This is a testing loop transformer model that is designed to be massive and have deep thought, specificly for logical tasks. (Has no datset it is just a test architecture.)</a>
<h2>They Looped Transformer</b></h2>
<a>Looped transformers are more powerful than other models with more parameters, they are more parameter efficent, better at generalization, and are better at understanding complex reasoning, so exelent for code and logic. Looped transformers also are better with less data because the same data is iterated through a smaller model that is reapeted, so overall because of that it is faster to train to the same power of a model of the same or ever significantly larger size.</a>
<p>The looped transformer makes each block 30 layers, and the same weights are repeated 30 times to make a 900 layer model So the total # of parameters is 30 layers worth, but the effective depth is 600 layers. Also I will eventually add different modes for different number of blocks, such as a fast with uses 15 blocks, a normal with uses 30 blocks, and a thinking mode which uses 60 blocks</p>
<p>This model has 491,471,078,400 parameters, which means because the same data is being updated, it can be more powerfull with less data, meaning that its power increases faster per unit of training time that other models of its size, thus meaning that the training time can be significantly reduced.</p>
<p>This means that if you put this model against anoth 491B model it would finish training months later, however it would outpreform that model in nearly everything, expecialy logic and reasoning, long before the other model finished training.</p>
<p>This model works with the looped tranformer, as I already mentioned, but this uses a standard MoE arhcitecture, just looped 30 times. To avoid having to type the code over and over again for each layer, I just used a loop to create the layers.</p>
<p>Pls excuse my spelling errors, my dear friend spell check does not work on this.</p>
<h3>This project was made as a birthday gift to a friend (And to test a loop transformer model, becuase why it only have one function), so Happy Birthday!</h3>
